{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\nouicompat\deflang1036{\fonttbl{\f0\fnil\fcharset0 Calibri;}}
{\*\generator Riched20 10.0.19041}\viewkind4\uc1 
\pard\sa200\sl276\slmult1\b\f0\fs22\lang12 Boarding: \b0\par
Ladies and gentlemen, Hello and welcome aboard Getwings Airlines flight. We would like to begin the boarding process for our destination bound flight. Passengers seated in our priority boarding sections, including families traveling with young children, passengers requiring special assistance and our elite frequent fliers, may now board through the priority lane. We kindly ask all other passengers to wait for their designated boarding groups, which will be announced shortly.\par
We remind you that carry-on baggage must fit within the size and weight limits specified by the airline, and larger items must be checked in. If you require any assistance or have any questions, please do not hesitate to ask one of our friendly staff members.\par
We hope you have a pleasant flight with us today. Thank you for choosing Getwings Airlines.\par
\b French: \par
\b0 Mesdames et Messieurs, bonjour et bienvenue \'e0 bord du vol de Getwingce Airlines. Nous souhaitons d\'e9buter le processus d'embarquement pour notre vol. Les passagers situ\'e9s dans les sections d'embarquement prioritaires, incluant les familles voyageant avec de jeunes enfants, les passagers n\'e9cessitant une assistance sp\'e9ciale et nos clients fr\'e9quents d'\'e9lite, peuvent maintenant embarquer par la voie prioritaire. Nous demandons aimablement \'e0 tous les autres passagers d'attendre leur groupe d'embarquement d\'e9sign\'e9, qui sera annonc\'e9 sous peu.\par
Nous vous rappelons que les bagages \'e0 main doivent correspondre aux limites de taille et de poids sp\'e9cifi\'e9es par la compagnie a\'e9rienne et que les objets plus volumineux doivent \'eatre enregistr\'e9s. Si vous avez besoin d'aide ou si vous avez des questions, n'h\'e9sitez pas \'e0 demander l'aide de l'un de nos membres du personnel aimable.\par
Nous esp\'e9rons que vous passerez un agr\'e9able vol avec nous aujourd'hui. Nous vous remercions d'avoir choisi Getwingce Airlines.\par
\b Pushback: \b0\par
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We have completed our boarding process and our ground crew is preparing to push the aircraft back from the gate. Please ensure that your seatbelt is securely fastened, your seat back is upright and your tray table is stowed.\par
During the pushback process, you may feel some slight movement and hear some noise as the ground crew guides us away from the gate. Once we have reached a safe distance from the terminal, we will begin our taxi to the runway.\par
As always, your safety is our top priority. Please follow the instructions of our cabin crew and remain seated with your seatbelt fastened until we reach our cruising altitude. Thank you for choosing to fly with Getwings Airlines, and we hope you have a pleasant flight.\par
\par
\b French:\b0  \par
Mesdames et Messieurs, ici votre commandant de bord. Nous avons termin\'e9 notre embarquement et notre \'e9quipe au sol se pr\'e9pare \'e0 pousser l'avion loin de la porte. Veuillez vous assurer que votre ceinture de s\'e9curit\'e9 est bien attach\'e9e, votre si\'e8ge est droit et votre table de plateau est rang\'e9e.\par
Comme toujours, votre s\'e9curit\'e9 est notre priorit\'e9 absolue. Veuillez suivre les instructions de notre \'e9quipage de cabine et rester assis avec votre ceinture de s\'e9curit\'e9 attach\'e9e jusqu'\'e0 ce que nous atteignons notre altitude de croisi\'e8re. Merci d'avoir choisi de voyager avec Getwingce Airlines, et nous esp\'e9rons que vous avez un agr\'e9able vol.\par
\b Safety: \par
\b0 Welcome aboard Getwings Airlines. Before we take off, we would like to draw your attention to the safety features of this aircraft.\par
Your seatbelt must be fastened at all times when seated, and it should be fastened low and tight across your lap. To fasten, insert the metal end into the buckle and pull the strap to tighten. To release, simply lift the buckle flap.\par
This aircraft has emergency exits, Each exit is clearly marked with an exit sign overhead, and there are floor-level path lighting to guide you to the exits in case of an emergency.\par
In case of a sudden loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will automatically drop from the compartments above your seat. Pull the mask down to start the flow of oxygen and place it over your nose and mouth. Secure the mask with the elastic band and breathe normally. Remember to secure your own mask before assisting others.\par
We also remind you that smoking is strictly prohibited on this flight, including in the lavatories, which are equipped with smoke detectors.\par
If you have any questions, please ask one of our friendly cabin crew members. Thank you for choosing to fly with Getwings Airlines.\par
\b French:\b0\par
Bienvenue \'e0 bord de Getwingce. Avant que nous d\'e9collions, nous aimerions attirer votre attention sur les mesures de s\'e9curit\'e9 de cet avion.\par
Votre ceinture de s\'e9curit\'e9 doit \'eatre attach\'e9e en tout temps lorsque vous \'eates assis, et elle doit \'eatre attach\'e9e bas et serr\'e9e sur votre taille. Pour l'attacher, ins\'e9rez l'extr\'e9mit\'e9 m\'e9tallique dans la boucle et tirez sur la sangle pour la serrer. Pour la d\'e9tacher, soulevez simplement le rabat de la boucle.\par
Cet avion dispose de sorties de secours, chacune \'e9tant clairement marqu\'e9e par un panneau de sortie en surplomb, et il y a un \'e9clairage au niveau du sol pour vous guider vers les sorties en cas d'urgence.\par
En cas de perte soudaine de pression cabine, des masques \'e0 oxyg\'e8ne tomberont automatiquement des compartiments au-dessus de votre si\'e8ge. Tirez le masque vers le bas pour commencer le flux d'oxyg\'e8ne et placez-le sur votre nez et votre bouche. Attachez le masque avec la bande \'e9lastique et respirez normalement. N'oubliez pas de vous attacher vous-m\'eame avant d'aider les autres.\par
Nous vous rappelons \'e9galement que fumer est strictement interdit sur ce vol, y compris dans les toilettes, qui sont \'e9quip\'e9es de d\'e9tecteurs de fum\'e9e.\par
Si vous avez des questions, n'h\'e9sitez pas \'e0 demander \'e0 l'un de nos sympathiques membres de l'\'e9quipage de cabine. Merci d'avoir choisi de voler avec Getwingce.\par
\b Climb: \b0\par
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We have now reached a safe altitude and our crew will begin our in-flight service shortly. Please keep your seatbelts fastened while seated in case of unexpected turbulence.\par
We kindly remind you that all electronic devices must be set to airplane mode, and larger devices such as laptops must be stowed away during takeoff and landing.\par
We invite you to sit back, relax, and enjoy the flight with Getwings Airlines. Our cabin crew will be circulating shortly with refreshments and snacks. If there is anything we can do to make your flight more comfortable, please don't hesitate to ask.\par
Thank you for choosing to fly with Getwings Airlines.\par
\b Cruise: \b0\par
Ladies and gentlemen, We have now reached our cruising altitude and we anticipate a smooth flight for the duration of our journey.\par
Our flight attendants will shortly begin our in-flight meal service, featuring a selection of delicious meals and beverages. We also invite you to take advantage of our in-flight entertainment system, which includes a variety of movies, TV shows, and music channels.\par
If you would like to stretch your legs, please feel free to visit our lavatories located at the front and rear of the cabin. As always, we kindly remind you to keep your seatbelt fastened at all times while seated in case of unexpected turbulence.\par
We thank you for choosing to fly with Getwings Airlines, and we hope you enjoy your flight with us.\par
\b Descent: \b0\par
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We are beginning our descent into our destination airport and will be landing shortly. Please fasten your seatbelts securely and return your seatbacks and tray tables to their upright positions.\par
As we descend, you may experience some mild turbulence. We ask that you remain seated with your seatbelt fastened until the seatbelt sign is turned off. Please refrain from using the lavatories until after we have landed and reached the gate.\par
We would like to take this opportunity to thank you for choosing to fly with us today. We hope you had a comfortable and enjoyable flight, and we look forward to welcoming you onboard again in the future.\par
Thank you for your attention, and please enjoy the remainder of your flight with Getwings Airlines.\par
\par
\b Approach: \par
\b0 Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We are now approaching our destination airport and will be landing shortly. We kindly ask that you return to your seats and fasten your seatbelts securely.\par
Our crew will be coming through the cabin to collect any remaining service items and prepare the cabin for landing. Please ensure that your personal belongings are stowed properly and all electronic devices are switched off or set to airplane mode.\par
As we descend, you may notice some changes in air pressure, which can cause discomfort in your ears. To alleviate this, we suggest swallowing or yawning, or using earplugs or chewing gum.\par
We want to take this opportunity to thank you for flying with Getwings Airlines, and we hope that you have had a pleasant experience with us. We appreciate your cooperation throughout the flight and ask that you follow the instructions of our crew during the landing process.\par
Thank you for choosing Getwings Airlines, and we hope to see you again soon.\par
\b Landing: \b0\par
Ladies and gentlemen, We have now arrived at our destination and will be landing shortly. Please ensure that your seatbelt is securely fastened and your tray table is stowed in its upright position.\par
We kindly ask that you refrain from using any electronic devices until we have reached the gate and the seatbelt sign has been turned off. \par
On behalf of the entire crew, we would like to thank you for your cooperation and wish you a wonderful day. Thank you for flying with Getwings Airlines.\par
\b Landing 2 : \b0\par
Ladies and gentlemen, We have now arrived at our destination, You can now use your mobile phones and other electronic devices. Please remain seated with your seatbelt fastened until the captain turns off the Fasten Seatbelt sign. This will indicate that we have parked at the gate and that it is safe for you to move about. Please check around your seat for any personal belongings you may have brought on board with you and please use caution when opening the overhead bins, as heavy articles may have shifted around during the flight. If you require deplaning assistance, please remain in your seat until all other passengers have deplaned. One of our crew members will then be pleased to assist you. On behalf of Getwings Airlines, and the entire crew, I\rquote d like to thank you for joining us on this trip and we are looking forward to seeing you on board again in the near future. Have a nice day.\par
\b Unloading:\b0\par
Ladies and gentlemen, this is your captain speaking. We have now arrived at the gate and will be commencing the unloading process. We kindly ask that you remain seated with your seatbelt fastened until the seatbelt sign has been turned off.\par
Once the seatbelt sign is turned off, please gather your belongings and take care when opening the overhead compartments, as items may have shifted during the flight.\par
Our crew will be available to assist you with any questions or concerns you may have, and we thank you for your cooperation throughout the flight.\par
On behalf of Getwings Airlines, we would like to thank you for choosing to fly with us today. We hope you had a pleasant flight and look forward to welcoming you onboard again in the future.\par
Thank you, and have a wonderful day.\par
}
 